
    What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
      The problem we were solving with the projects in the course was to effectively store courses for a school catolaog in a database structure using c++. We also had to be able to call the information back out for the user to see on the screen. 
    How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.
      I approach the problem by waying all the options of the different data structures we learned and which would be the best to implment for this specific project. Data structures are important to understand because there is not a one size fits all when comes to storing data. Meaning that one type of structure will not be the best option for all scenorios. Knowing where certain ones excel and others fall short is an important understanding before trying to implement one.
    How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
      Most roadblocks I ran into I was able to overcome by either rereading the course material or using google to find guides or videos that could better explain what I was doing. I also was able to go through previous code that I had written in some instances and was able to adapt it to fit the current program. There was one roadblock though that I had alot of trouble with and that was the search function and how to implment it to search for a specific item in the data structure.
    How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
      My work on this project has expanded my approach by showing me that I dont need to treat every situation as it own thing. Meaning I can go back to previous work and see if my approach to solve past problems can help me with my current assginments. This allows me to save time and not have to repeat myself when past code that I have written can just be adjusted slightly and added to the new assignment.
      
    How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
      I think this project really helped me understand the importance of having code that is adaptable to be placed in other programs and still function as intended. This lead me to use code from previous assignments i turned in this semester with some minor changes to work correctly in the final project. Also the importance of keeping the code clean and easy to read/follow. This lead me to easily read through the code i had done in previous assignments and find the peices I was missing in the final project.
